As you know, America loves sports.
So people start to think that it just sits right here in front of them.
You might see it being converted into women's basketball,
because it's clearly worse than men's.
Meanwhile in England,
We ministry of the French memorial has delivered our valuable
.. it seems that it is absolutely necessary in the X-ray purposes and
cherishing those who died.
I think the whole world, breathing in a new life,
Anti- Protestant
The blockade at the military's leader
hasisu DNA
By not seeing Supereday
, it is supposed that I will take a step forward
, OK ?
Way.
without trying It's a lie
.
Thus, the power
They were trying to take back the power of the next war,
and they were trying to resist Japan.
However,
the small countries of the world,
including Japan, India, and other countries,
if they were to have a war with Japan,
or if they were to have a war with Japan,
they would be regretful.
They would be regretful.
This is what I think.
However,
even if India rules,
this should be done rapidly.
Even if India rules,
this should be done quickly.
Navy is willing to take a forming of a spirit issue
and wait for conflict with Japan to come to an end.